docs: document constellation-cluster.log file (#2285)
edgelesssys/constellation: docs/docs/workflows/create.md

```

🏁 That's it. You've successfully created a Constellation cluster.

### Troubleshooting

> In case the bootstrapping fails, the CLI tries to collect the logs from the bootstrapping instance and then stores them inside `constellation-cluster.log`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case `init` fails, the CLI collects logs from the bootstrapping instance and stores them inside `constellation-cluster.log`.
```

Replaced first "bootstrapping" with `init` to remove repetition of "bootstrapping".
